Comply with DITA - Mng content - Importing (#4511)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-custom-deb-repositories-by-using-web-ui.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="adding-custom-deb-repositories-by-using-web-ui"]
= Adding Deb repositories by using {ProjectWebUI}

[role="_abstract"]
You can add Deb repositories to {Project} by using the {ProjectWebUI}.

.Prerequisites

> * You have extracted and imported the GPG key that you want to use to verify signatures of the Deb packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have extracted and imported the GPG key that you want to use to verify signatures of the `Release` files.
```

tech issue: In the Debian/Ubuntu world, packages are generally not signed, just the metadata of repositories, aka. `Release` files.
